[doc] Dump API reference from inline docstrings (#13)
taichi-dev/docs.taichi.graphics: README.md

The above changes should be regarded as a transaction and shall be reverted **altogether** manually if needed.

## Generating API references

> This site ships with a built-in API reference generator by peeking docstring in the `taichi` module. The docstring should be Google-style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This site ships with a built-in API reference generator that exports docstrings in the `taichi` module. Docstrings follow the [Google Python docstring style](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html#38-comments-and-docstrings).
```

To update the API references (under `website/docs/src/versioned_docs/develop/api/`) with the `taichi` in `PYTHONPATH`:
```bash
python dumper.py
```

## Deployment

> This website currently hosted on Github Pages at https://taichi.graphics. The `gh-pages` branch is hosting the static files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website is currently hosted on Github Pages at https://taichi.graphics. The `gh-pages` branch hosts the static files.
```
